Translation corrections (#445)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_012.txt

//rほんの少し前まで抱きかけていた嫌悪と失望を振り払い、わずかに見出した希望にすがる…いや、信じる思いで、そっと塚田を見つめる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ほんの少し前まで抱きかけていた嫌悪と失望を振り払い、わずかに見出した希望にすがる…いや、信じる思いで、そっと塚田を見つめる。",

> 			NULL, "Tomoe shook off the disgust and disappointment that had been clinging to her just a moment ago, clinging... no, believing in the little hope she'd found as she softly gazed at Tsukada.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Tomoe shook off the disgust and disappointment that had been nagging her just a moment ago, clinging... no, believing in the little hope she'd found as she softly gazed at Tsukada.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rひょっとしたら、…裏切られるかもしれない。自分が覚えている彼の過去の姿に酔って、見当外れのことを言っているだけかもしれない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ひょっとしたら、…裏切られるかもしれない。自分が覚えている彼の過去の姿に酔って、見当外れのことを言っているだけかもしれない。",

> 			NULL, "Maybe... she would be betrayed. Maybe she just got drunk on his past self she remembered and was being completely off the mark.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Maybe... she would be betrayed. Maybe she just got drunk on his past self in her memories, and was being completely off the mark.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s14/28/vt4bb_tomoe2433", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「私は、あなたがどれだけ無欲で、潔癖な人だったか…知っているつもりです」",

> 			NULL, "\"I'd like to believe I know... what a selfless, fastidious person you are.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I'd like to believe... that I know what a selfless, fastidious person you are.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rただ、愚痴を聞いたり世間話をしただけだったかもしれない。それでも、クラスからも孤立しつつあった彼女にとっては、唯一心の緊張を解ける場でもあったのだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ただ、愚痴を聞いたり世間話をしただけだったかもしれない。それでも、クラスからも孤立しつつあった彼女にとっては、唯一心の緊張を解ける場でもあったのだ。",

> 			NULL, "Maybe all she did with him was just vent complaints and share idle chitchat. Still, for someone like her who felt isolated from her classmates, it was the only place she could relieve the tension in her heart.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Maybe all she did with him was vent her complaints and share idle chitchat. Still, for someone like her who felt isolated from her classmates, it was the only place she could relieve the tension in her heart.", Line_Normal);
```

//r…自己主張が強い人間は、団体活動において評価が真っ二つに分かれることが多い。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…自己主張が強い人間は、団体活動において評価が真っ二つに分かれることが多い。",

> 			NULL, "...Opinions of strong, self-assertive people are often split up in group activities.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...Opinions on strong, self-assertive people are often split down the middle in group activities.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "Hey, Minai.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 33, "ps3/s14/33/vt4bb_tsukada1174", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "俺も最後に、この運命ってやつを…信じてみることにするよ」",

> 			NULL, " I've finally decided... I'm going to try believe in fate.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I've finally decided... I'm going to try believing in fate.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"...How nice.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 32, "ps3/s14/32/vt4bb_hanada1068", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "昔の恋心復活、ですか？」",

> 			NULL, " An old love revived, huh?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " A revival of old love, huh?\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Hello, good evening.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 32, "ps3/s14/32/vt4bb_hanada1074", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "目覚めの気分は、いかがですか？」",

> 			NULL, " How does it feel to wake up?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " How does it feel waking up?\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " ...That's what I'd like to say, but let me offer you a parting gift.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 32, "ps3/s14/32/vt4bb_hanada1101", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "誰に殺されるかわからんまま死んで、化けて出られるのも勘弁ですからね。",

> 			NULL, " After all, it would be such a pain if you came back as a ghost after dying without ever knowing who it was that killed you. ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " After all, it would be such a pain to come back as a ghost without ever knowing who it was that killed you. ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```
